[4.3.0] Update VS Code docs (#555)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/develop/creating-artifacts/creating-scheduled-task.md

# Create Scheduled Tasks

> Follow the instructions given below to create a Scheduled Task in the Micro Integrator for Visual Studio Code extension (MI for VS Code).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the instructions below to create a Scheduled Task in the Micro Integrator for Visual Studio Code extension (MI for VS Code).
```

4. Hover over **Tasks** and click the **+** icon that appears.

    <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/learn/tutorials/add-task.png"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/learn/tutorials/add-task.png" alt="Add Task" width="30%"></a>

    This will open the below **Task Form**.

5. Specify values for the [required parameters]({{base_path}}/reference/synapse-properties/scheduled-task-properties) for the scheduled task.

    <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/develop/create-artifacts/create-scheduled-tasks/create-new-scheduled-task.png"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/develop/create-artifacts/create-scheduled-tasks/create-new-scheduled-task.png" alt="create new scheduled task" width="80%"></a>

    The scheduled task is created in the `src/main/wso2mi/artifacts/tasks` folder under the project you created.

### Update properties

You can later update the task properties to specify the incoming message that should trigger the task and the destination to which the message should be injected.

Open the above-created task artifact from the **MI Project Explorer**. You can use the **Form view** or the **Source view** to update task properties.

!!! info

>     See the [Scheduled Tasks Property Catalog]({{base_path}}/reference/synapse-properties/scheduled-task-properties/) documentation for all available properties for tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Refer to the [Scheduled Tasks Property Catalog]({{base_path}}/reference/synapse-properties/scheduled-task-properties/) documentation for a list of all available properties for tasks.
```
